SET-1:
1.Which character likes to sing but has a very bad voice in doreamon cartoon?
2.who is nobita's first crush?
3.What was Tom's full name?
4.What kind of animal is Oggy's neighbor?
5.what is the name of the ashram in roll no 21?
6.what is the name of the dog that always chases tom in Tom And Jerry?
7.what is the villain's  name in roll no 21?
SET-2:
1.Name the female character who is the love interest of Nobita.
2.What is the name of the green cat in oggy and cockroaches?
3.how many friends are there in master rain drop cartoon?
4.what is the original color of doraemon?
5.What is the full name of Mickey Mouse?
6.Who is the Suparna character in roll No 21?
7.what is tom's girlfriend name in Tom and Jerry?
SET-3:
1.Who is the most intelligent student in Nobita’s class?
2.What is Mickey Mouse girl name?
3.Jian had a pet dog who was a little coward in nature. What was the name of that dog in doreamon cartoon?
4.Who is the leader of the cockroaches in oggy and cockroaches?
5.What is the magical item Sofia keeps with her at all times in sofia cartoon?
6.which vegetable shinchan hates the most?
7.What is the name of Nobita's home town?
SET-4:
1.From which century did Doraemon come from?
2.what is the name of the town where motu-patlu lived?
3.what is phenias and ferb's sister name?
4.who is doraemon's crush?
5.What power is conferred upon Sofia when she carries her magical item with her?
6.Who is the villain of Phineas and Ferb?
7.In Mickey Mouse cartoon Mickey's pet dog was named as?

SET-5:
1.what is the name of Jian's younger sister in doreamon cartoon?
2.What is the name of the pet in Phineas and Ferb?
3.Name the spoiled rich kid from Nobita’s friend group who had the habit of showing off his cool stuff and making his friends jealous in doreamon cartoon.
4.what is the name of the selfish elderly man who is the owner of Courage the dog in courage cartoon?
5.Who is the elder brother of Kris in roll no 21 cartoon?
6.Who created Tom and Jerry?
7.what is the name of the police officer in motu patlu cartoon?
